another high value cheapy knife from
China this time it's not a San Remy or
land this some of you might know it is a
bee or an N land I believe those that's
the same company this is the bl0 one it
is a tip up right side carry with a
liner lock thumb disk open with a tanto
blade plainedge believe those are those
are they look like canvas micarta
handles or scales looks pretty cool give
you a close-up on it has a nice clip
actually excuse me this is right side
tip down carry my mistake there torque
screws for disassembly open back design
you see these these scales kind of have
this alternating I guess notches that
are put in to give you some some grip
and it kind of puts a nice cool pattern
into this as well and there's a thumb
disk okay let's move back a bit so you
can kind of see some of the workings of
this it's a yeah it's a fast opening
knife really like that about it and it's
smooth like all these knives that I've
been playing with from these Chinese
manufacturers had just been super high
quality really smooth really easy to
open this one is no no no different this
is the only thumb disk pocketknife that
I've gotten from them
and I'm pretty impressed it works really
well and of course the blade material
again is d it's the Chinese us eight it
is the eight cor 13 mov stainless a
hollow ground tant 0 plainedge very
sharp as always very good pocket knife
it's decent size completely open we're
looking at almost eight inches seven and
a half inches seven and a half seven and
maybe those yeah probably seven half
maybe seven three quarters it's not too
big personally I don't mind carrying you
know big pocket knives as you can see
some of my other videos we have some
real big knives like the cold steel
voyage or Excel or the real big monster
the Rajah too so relatively speaking
this is not a huge knife for me but it
is a big knife for probably most people
and get a full hand grip on it my head
is decent size um so I set a lot of good
things now for knife this price which
we're talking sup twenty dollars you're
not going to get everything perfect for
example this knife the way that the
scales are fastened onto the liner
there's a small problem that I'm having
you can tell these two hex screws are on
the back near the back of the blade and
then same on the other side there's
nothing on this side of the scale that
fastens itself down to the liner so what
happens is that you have very tight
seams between
scale in the liner on the back side but
on the front side we have some gaps and
if some of these gaps are very
noticeable and I mean I can let's let's
take another knife I can show you what's
happening here she's the samurai move
333 you know I'm it's so big that can
almost pry this thing up with the thin
knife blade so I guess part of it has to
do with just the design you know they
they should have thought about maybe
putting another hex screw right there or
maybe right there to kind of keep the
scales from writing up but you know for
what you get out of this package it's
hard to complain it's hard to complain
about any of these knives right because
you're not paying the you're not paying
that much and what it what it does for
you is so incredible so that's why I
think these knives that I'm getting
they're nice they're not knives to
collect their knives to use and I expect
to use all of these these knives until
they dies you know sooner or later I'll
abuse these knives to the point where I
just have to throw them away but you
know what I won't feel bad at that point
I'll feel bad if I threw away Chris
Reeve or throw away Emerson but I won't
feel bad if I'd to throw one of these
away so again this is the the bl0 one
for good or for bad I think this is a
good value and a good quality knife just
uh no its limitations thanks for
watching